Update logging architecture (#2315)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/vintage/getting-started/observability/logging/architecture/index.md

- `Grafana Loki` that is accessible through our managed Grafana instance.
- `multi-tenant-proxy`, a proxy component used to handle multi-tenancy for Loki.
- A couple of scrapping agents run on the management cluster and your workload clusters alike. There is different tools for different purposes:

>     - Promtail is used in older versions to retrieve the container and kubernetes audit logs.

Author: Good point, I updated that.

>     - Promtail is used in older versions to retrieve the container and kubernetes audit logs.
>     - Alloy is used in newer versions to retrieve the container and kubernetes audit logs.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Promtail is used in older Giant Swarm releases to retrieve the container and kubernetes audit logs.
    - Alloy is used in newer Giant Swarm releases to retrieve the container and kubernetes audit logs.
```

    - Grafana Agent is used to retrieve the kubernetes events.

> 

Reviewer: But according to the picture, Alloy replaces Promtail and Grafana in CAPI v29? or only promtail.

Author: It only replaces Promtail for now, but will eventually replace Grafana agent in the future.
